Release/0.14.0 (#267)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/setup.asciidoc

Follow these steps to start reporting your Android application's performance to Elastic APM:

1. <<gradle-setup>>.
2. <<manual-setup>>.
3. <<compile-and-run>>.

> 4. <<whats-next>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. <<whats-next>>
```

Reviewer: There's already a question mark in this heading

[float]
[[gradle-setup]]
=== Set up Gradle

[float]
[[gradle-requirements]]
==== Requirements

|===
|Requirement |Minimum version

|Android Gradle plugin
|7.4.0

|Android API level
|24

|===

[float]
[[minsdk-24-support]]

> ==== For projects using minSdk version < 26

Reviewer: I think this is actually called `minSdkVersion`?

```suggestion
==== For projects using minSdkVersion < 26
```

Reviewer: If I'm wrong, ingore my suggestions in the next paragraph.

Author: Yeah in the code is called `minSdkVersion` so I think it makes sense to have it like that in here as well. Cheers!

> Due to Android's limited support for Java 8 features on devices with API level < 26, or in other words, older than Android 8.0, you must add https://developer.android.com/studio/write/java8-support#library-desugaring[Java 8+ desugaring support] to apps with a minSdk version lower than 26.
> If you don't, your app can crash when running on devices using Android OS versions older than 8.0. This is because the https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java[OpenTelemetry Java SDK], which this SDK is built upon, uses Java 8 features.
> 
> If your minSdk is 26 or higher, you can skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to Android's limited support for Java 8 features on devices with an API level < 26, or in other words, older than Android 8.0, you must add https://developer.android.com/studio/write/java8-support#library-desugaring[Java 8+ desugaring support] to apps with a `minSdkVersion` less than 26.
If you don't, your app can crash when running on devices using Android OS versions older than 8.0. This is because the https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java[OpenTelemetry Java SDK], which this SDK is built upon, uses Java 8 features.

You can skip this step if your `minSdkVersion` is 26 or higher.
```

[float]
[[adding-gradle-plugin]]

> ==== Adding the Elastic Agent Gradle plugin
> 
> In order to get the <<supported-technologies,Supported Technologies>> automatically instrumented, you'd need to add the https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/co.elastic.apm.android[Elastic APM agent plugin] to your application's `build.gradle` file as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Add the Elastic Agent Gradle plugin

To automatically instrument <<supported-technologies,Supported Technologies>>, add the https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/co.elastic.apm.android[Elastic APM agent plugin] to your application's `build.gradle` file as shown below:
```

<1> Initialize the Elastic APM agent once.

[float]
[[manual-setup]]
=== (Optional) Manual set up

> If you need to set up the Elastic SDK manually, without having to add the Gradle plugin as shown above, you'll need to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't add the Elastic Agent Gradle plugin to your application as shown above, complete the following steps to set up the Elastic SDK manually.
```
